Add button to move netatmo cover to preferred position (#36723)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/netatmo.markdown

The `netatmo` binary sensor platform is showing the connectivity for the [Netatmo Smart Home Weather Station](https://www.netatmo.com/smart-weather-station).

## Button

> The `netatmo` button sensor platform provides support for moving compatible shutters to a preferred position.
> Not all cover support this functionnality, and we cannot determine the capability automatically, so entities are disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `netatmo` button sensor platform provides support for moving compatible shutters to a preferred position.
Not all covers support this functionality, and we cannot automatically determine the capability, so these entities are disabled by default.
```
